Freedom fever is running wild,
as fans of Sonic the Hedgehog
embrace the new Freedom Movement,
adopting the carefree
lifestyle of their hero.
It seems the entire planet
is caught up in the craze.
Freedom!
The International Track
and Field Association
reports that runners
around the world
are setting new records every day.
Ah!
Wow! Eight seconds flat!
Ha ha!
Yeah!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Bustling]
I love working for
the Thorndyke family.
Now the only thing we have
to attack is crabgrass.
[Giggling]
Plus we get weekends off.
Eggman never gave us free time
except the times he
made us work for free.
[Both giggling]
Hey, how's it going, you guys?
Hello, Christopher.
Welcome home.
Your parents just arrived
back here a few minutes ago.
Great. Where are they?
In the backyard.
They are extremely
eager to see you.
Thanks, guys.
What a nice kid.
It is hard to believe
that a few days ago,
we were trying to destroy him.
I guess we should get back to work.
Right! We still have to fill
in that ditch we dug earlier.
Aaaah!
Oh!
EGGMAN: Bon appetit!
Aww. A tree stump?
I can't eat wood for lunch!
What do I look like, a termite?
Well, it's the only food we have.
But if you don't like it,
we can skip right to the
mud pie I made for dessert.
I hope Decoe and Bocoe
ask for their jobs back.
Their food didn't taste good,
but they never served
me lumber for lunch.
Forget it.
I wouldn't take those
two turncoats back if
they came crawling to
me on their gearboxes.
[Crying]
[Everyone laughing and giggling]
Here, Ella.
Oh... No, thank you, sir.
There might not be
enough to go around...
Heh...
Nonsense, Ella. We
have more than enough.
That's... great.
I know you love good food,
so I expect to see
you back for seconds.
Heh... heh.... Ugh...
When I heard all my employees
were taking time off
because of this freedom fad,
I thought I'd take a
little free time, too.
Christopher is thrilled
that you'll both be
spending more time
here, and so am I.
I never realized what
a burden stardom is
until I joined the
Freedom Movement.
Go, freedom!
All right!
My shish kebobs are done,
so get ready, gang.
They're gonna knock
you out! [Laughing]
I just hope the medics
will be able to revive us.
[Everyone giggling]
Professor Thorndyke.
Hm?
The President is on
the telephone for you.
Thank you.
What's that?
You're giving the go-ahead
to Project Homebound?
I'll need some time to prepare.
Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.
[Sirens]
Some of these freedom freaks
think they've got the right
to break the speed limit.
Every day, some joker
blasts down the highway
to challenge the S Team.
There's only one racer
who outraces me.
A sonic boom!
He's moving faster than
the speed of sound!
I never imagined a hotshot hedgehog
and I would become buddies.
[Sirens]
Sonic's the only real
competition I've got.
This clown doesn't even
know what speeding means.
Pull over, pal.
Don't make more
trouble for yourself.
It's not worth it.
He ain't catching me.
[Sirens]
Slow down!
Aah!
Oh, great.
Huh.
[Cowering]
Sonic!
Hey, Sam, how are
things on the highway?
[Frustrated groan]
Same stuff.
I'm still showing these
show-offs who rules the road.
I was about to go
on my coffee break.
But now that you're here!
[Panting]
[Chuckling]
Huh?
Hey, what am I supposed
to do? Crawl home?
You ready to race?
You bet.
Just let me shift into "sonic
mode," and I'm good to go.
He's getting faster.
[Grunt]
[Sigh]
This essay's really tough.
I'm not sure what my dream is.
My dream...
I know!
This is Dr. Kim Bickley.
She's a physicist from the
National Science Institute.
Nice to meet you all.
My dream is to help
my best friend Sonic
make the world a better place.
If I can just do that,
I'll be happy.
Huh.
That sounds way too corny.
Huh?
[Water splashing]
What was that?
Ah.
Sonic!
Yeah, I got a name.
My name is Sonic the Hedgehog.
Huh?
Hmm.
How ya doing, fella?
[Cat meowing]
Meow?
Hmm?
But how can time stop?
It's impossible.
I'm afraid it is possible.
Sometime in the distant past,
our world and Sonic's
were one and the same.
Then a mysterious event
divided the world in two.
Each world suddenly
had its own timeline.
They now inhabited
parallel universes,
unaware of the other's existence.
The two worlds are
beginning to join again,
and the two separate timelines
will soon start to
join together as well.
But how can you prove
this theory is true?
It's not a theory.
Even as we speak,
the two timelines are converging.
Soon they'll meld completely.
And when they do, they'll
cancel each other out,
and time will stand still.
The result will be catastrophic.
The rejoined planets
will be frozen in time
while billions of years pass
in the rest of the universe.
Once the timelines are fused, the
effects will be irreversible.
So we'll be stuck in time?
That's right.
When time stops, there's no such
thing as the future or the past.
None of us will grow older, but
we won't be able to change either.
Oh, my. Is there
anything we can do?
I've made some calculations.
If they're correct,
there's a slim chance we
can prevent the timelines
from coming together.
But we have to act immediately,
or it'll be too late.
The President has just signed
an executive order
directing his staff
to gather all the Chaos
Emeralds together.
You mean the President wants
us to cause Chaos Control?
Our only hope to save both worlds
is to send you and Sonic
and the others back home.
Hm.
Huh?
[Vase breaks]
[Gasp]
Huh!
Huh?
They're not gonna
send Sonic back home.
[Gasp] Chris!
You've been listening?
Yes, I have. I heard it all.
And I don't care what
the President says.
It's good that Sonic's here.
Sonic...
Sonic always helps people
when they're in trouble.
He saved Station Square
when it was attacked
by the Chaos monster.
Don't you remember?
This whole planet
would've been wrecked
if Sonic hadn't come to the rescue.
Sonic is staying here!
If he goes away, you'll be sorry!
Oh.
Sorry, Chris. We're in danger.
It's not Sonic's fault, but he and
the others have got to go back.
Our whole future depends on it.
You're wrong!
Are you sure?
Dr. Eggman must be behind this.
He's fooling everybody
to get rid of Sonic!
Chris may be right.
This could be one
of Eggman's tricks.
We can't wish this
problem away, Chris.
Huh?
I know it's hard to hear, but the
time has come to say goodbye.
Sonic must return to his world.
There's no other choice.
You can't send him away!
Uh! I won't let you!
DAD: Chris, wait!
MOM: Honey!
Hmm.
TAILS: I never saw him this upset.
I know exactly how he feels.
I'm upset about this, too.
If time were to stop,
I wouldn't have to
grow older anymore.
I'd have forever to do research
and make new discoveries.
Why, just think of all the marvelous
things you and I could build
if we could tinker in our
workshop for all eternity.
It sounds wonderful,
but it's a trap.
Huh?
In a world where time
has stopped completely,
the pursuit of scientific knowledge
will ultimately be meaningless.
We'd never be able to use our
knowledge to make real progress.
Every day would be the same.
I think you'll agree that
a world where nothing ever
changes would be a
boring place to live.
I'll miss you, my friend.
This has to be a trick!
Eggman is doing all this.
Aah!
Chris, no!
We still have to stop
by the software store.
Oh?
[Panting]
I've been running around
looking all over for you two.
What can we do for you?
I need you two to
do me a big favor.
Please, you have to
take me to see Eggman.
Oh!
Huh?
Shh!
Be careful. Eggman
could have spies.
We must talk privately.
Oh, I wish we could help,
but it is impossible, Chris.
We have no idea where Eggman
went after we left him.
There is nothing we can do.
Oh.
Your family must be worried.
You should come home
with us, Chris.
No!
I'll go look for Eggman
alone if I have to.
That could be dangerous.
I guess we have to help you.
If I don't do something,
they'll send Sonic away!
[Sigh]
Oh.
Eggman will not be giving
us a warm welcome.
I agree. We had better
prepare for a fight.
[Both shrug]
Stand back, Chris.
We have to transform.
Decoe!
Bocoe!
Transform!
Proceed with dome descent.
Leg lift sequence proceeding.
Link up now!
Transformation complete!
Huh.
Activate Bokkun Beacon!
[Laughing]
Not you guys.
What do you two
traitors want from me?
I need your help.
I want you to bring me
to Eggman so we can talk.
I wouldn't take you to see my
boss for a gazillion bucks.
[Mockingly] Na na!
Oh!
Whoa!
Ohh!
I'm so hungry, I can't
even stay airborne.
Did you skip lunch today?
It's all your fault for
ditching the doctor.
His cooking is so repulsive that
not even bacteria will eat it.
[Crying]
How about a deal?
Just bring Chris to see Eggman...
...And we will cook something up.
Then what are we
waiting for? Let's go!
Forgive me for allowing
Chris to get away.
I could not follow him in the dark.
I no longer deserve to
be under your employ.
Now, now, it's not your fault.
Linsey and I should have been
more understanding with him.
If this were a film, I'd
ask for another take.
Isn't there anything
we can do, Nelson?
Yes, I'm going to call
the President's office.
I'm sure if I explain
the situation,
he'll call on the National
Guard to search the area.
I know exactly where Chris went.
Hm?
Then where is he, Dad?
Shouldn't we go after
him right away?
I'm afraid Chris has gone
to confront Dr. Eggman.
MOM: [Gasp]
DAD: Dr. Eggman?
Oh.
I think we should let him go.
That boy is looking
for some answers.
He really believes Eggman
is behind all this.
Maybe facing Eggman will
help him accept the truth.
[Panting]
Eggman, I won't let
you send Sonic away.
Aah!
Hm?
Oh. It's you.
I knew you'd come groveling
to get your jobs back,
but it's too late.
Eggman!
So you brought me a prisoner.
If you're trying to buy me
off, I congratulate you.
[Chuckling]
They brought me here
because I asked them to.
Huh?
You're doing this!
You're the one making
time come to a stop!
Who, me?
It's a trick to make them
send Sonic back to his world!
It won't work!
I'll make you tell
everybody the truth!
Huh...
That plan isn't half bad.
[Chuckling]
[Evil laughter]
You figured out my scheme, kid!
I despise Sonic so much I decided
to bring time to a standstill!
Then I tricked this world's
scientific experts
into believing Sonic
had to be sent back!
Now that you've caught
me, I'll confess.
Ah!
Grr!
I'm not kidding, Eggman!
You'd better make time go
back to normal, or else!
Or else you'll throw
a temper tantrum?
Face it, kid.
Without Sonic here to back you up,
your threats are as
hollow as your head.
Oh, yeah?
Please, Chris. Fighting
will not help!
Look, kid.
I didn't cause this
time-freeze problem.
If your grandfather
creates Chaos Control,
I'm going to get sent back, too.
Huh?
I can't build my empire in a world
where time has stopped completely.
There's no future in it.
I have no choice but to go back.
That's the truth, kid.
Huh.
[Crying]
I don't believe you.
Uh!
Liar!
You're trying to trick me!
You're the one who's lying...
to yourself!
You don't want to accept the truth.
Deep down, you know that
once Sonic is gone,
your life will have to go back
to the way it was before.
Your days of adventure
are at an end, boy.
Just like your friendship with
that hyper-annoying hedgehog.
All your dreams have been
shattered, haven't they?
[Chuckling] Life is
like that, kiddo.
Take it from somebody who knows.
Whenever you reach too high,
life smacks ya down.
Uh...
But on the bright side,
at least you and I won't ever have
to see each other ever again.
[Struggling]
Aah!
[Crying]
Wait, Chris!
Let him go.
Hm.
So long, kid.
[Crying]
No! It has to be a lie!
[Panting]
[Sigh]
I just can't stand waiting.
I wish we could do something.
Are you sure allowing Chris
to see Eggman was a good idea?
I'll hire a team of
commandos to find him!
That's absurd.
Huh?
BOTH: [Gasp] Chris!
Hi, guys.
[Sigh of relief]
[Laughing]
TAILS: Hi, Chris!
MOM: Sweetie.
Sorry I ran away.
We're just happy you're safe, son.
Why, Chris, you're freezing!
What he needs is a nice, hot
bowl of my chicken soup.
Thanks, Ella.
I'll go get cooking.
Feel okay, son?
Why don't you sit down?
Okay.
Let's go. We still have
a lot of work to do.
We still have to find
two more Chaos Emeralds.
The government's searching too,
but even if they're found,
we may not be able to build a
machine to initiate Chaos Control.
I bet we can figure
somethin' out, Chuck.
It looks like you'll have to stay
here a little longer, though.
You can sleep in
tomorrow if you want.
Okay. Thanks!
Night, son.
Goodnight!
[Grunting]
Sonic...
Huh? Chris?
Guess I imagined it.
Hm?
Woah!